c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Thumbnails-WebJob.exe.config
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Thumbnails-WebJob.exe
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Thumbnails-WebJob.pdb
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Host.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\obj\Release\Thumbnails-WebJob.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\obj\Release\Thumbnails-WebJob.exe
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Thumbnails\Thumbnails-WebJob\obj\Release\Thumbnails-WebJob.pdb
